# Architecture 
The architecture pattern utilized for this project was model-view-controller, a commonly used architecture pattern for developing a user interface where the programming logic is divided into 3 elements that are connected. The model, the view, and the controller. The model basically defines the essential components of the app, in the case of our to-do list ‘Task Quack’ the model defines what a list is or what a task is. The view is the code that makes our application look nice as well as laying out the groundwork for how a user interacts with our application. Finally, the controller is the connection between the model and view; it receives input from our user and then decides what to do with it. 

# Technologies 
The technologies utilized for this project were Angular, Spring Boot, MySQL server and Postman. Angular was used for the purposes of creating our web page application framework. Spring Boot was utilized to assist with the creation of the backend of the application. MySQL server was used for database creation and storage. Postman was used to help with API development. Git & GitHub was used to create, store and manage our code and Kanban project board so that we could work collaboratively. 

# Challenges 
Some big challenges we faced during the creation of this project was integrating everyone's code together; since we worked as a group, we all worked on distinct parts of the project and not all of us were able to meet up to work together as many people attend this class remotely and have other priorities in their lives. Making sure the separate parts of the project fit together and were functional as a whole was a challenge we faced. Some other challenges we faced over the course of this project was time management; as mentioned previously we all have lives outside of the class whether that’s other classes, work, families, etc. making the time to work on the project was also a challenge. Ultimately one thing we were unable to complete due to lack of time and knowledge was Authentication. We wanted to create a login page for people to log into their own accounts, but it’s something that was left unfinished and an aspect we are planning to work on in the future. 
